docs: DOC-1911 (#6953)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/edge/edge.md

The following are common scenarios that you may encounter when using Edge.

## Scenario - Canonical Edge Clusters in Proxied Environments Experience Failure upon Reboot

> When rebooting nodes in a Canonical Edge cluster deployed in a proxied environment, the nodes may fail to come back

Reviewer: Is the pack added in https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PE-5995 meant here? If so, its name is currently Palette Optimized Canonical (at least for now, it might still change). Might be worth using the full name and monospace.

> When rebooting nodes in a Canonical Edge cluster deployed in a proxied environment, the nodes may fail to come back

Author: ```suggestion
When rebooting nodes in an Edge cluster using Palette Optimized Canonical deployed in a proxied environment, the nodes may fail to come back
```

online. To prevent this, add the second IP address in the `service_cidr` range from the Canonical pack to the `NO_PROXY`
list in your Edge installer `user-data`.

### Debug Steps

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. From the left **Main Menu**, select **Profiles**. Then select the profile you will use to deploy your cluster.

> 3. Select the Kubernetes layer, which is the Canonical Kubernetes pack. Click **values.yaml** to view the values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the Kubernetes layer, the `Palette Optimized Canonical` pack. Click **values.yaml** to view the values.
```

4. Take note of the `service_cidr` value in `pack.cluster.config`.

> 5. Add the second IP of the CIDR block in the `service_cidr` to the `stylus.site.network.noProxy` parameter. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add the second IP of the CIDR block in the `service_cidr` range to the `stylus.site.network.noProxy` parameter. For
```

maybe?
